
### root@codex # cd ./CDDC_2021

[Go up 1 directory](../ctf.md)

### root@codex # vi CDDC_2021.md

  

# CDDC 2021

### Team Name: Pogtopia
### Final Placement: 2nd Runner up

This was a CTF hosted by DSTA in 2021.  
The challenge categories in the CTF were:

#### 1. Lets Go Hunting - OSINT
#### 2. Linux Rules The World! - Linux
#### 3. Going Active - Active reconnaissance
#### 4. Web Takedown 1 - Web (day 1)
#### 5. Web Takedown 2 - Web (day 2)
#### 6. File it Away - Pwn
#### 7. Post Mortem - Forensics
#### 8. Break It Down - Crypto
#### 9. Behind The Mask - Windows/Active Directory

I focused mostly on the OSINT, Linux, active recon, web and Windows AD categories due to their  
offensive nature, so the other categories may not be as well documented in this page.  
  
Probably the least stable CTF infrastructure I've ever encountered. This CTF had technical  
difficulties from start to end, with the CTF being delayed a whole day, boxes being constantly  
down, challenges being able to be tampered with, an unstable CTF platform and lack of  
technical support, especially near the end. 
  
In the final hours of the CTF, not just the linux challenges, but the pwn, web and other linux  
hosts were griefed and rendered unusable. While tampering with challenges is not permitted  
according to CTF rules, there should have been a reset system for the boxes, like in other  
CTFs.  
  
With that said, I enjoyed playing with the Active Directory challenges, and learnt some new  
OSINT techniques along the way that might help with offensive operations in the future.

## Challenge Writeups

File it Away will be added soon.

### [Lets_Go_Hunting](./CDDC_2021/Lets_Go_Hunting.md)

### [Linux_Rules_The_World!](./CDDC_2021/Linux_Rules_The_World.md)

### [Going_Active](./CDDC_2021/Going_Active.md)

### Web Takedown 1 (To be added)

### File It Away (To be added)

### [Behind_The_Mask](./CDDC_2021/Behind_The_Mask.md)
  
